# Project and Team
Project: User Interactive Story
Team: Max, Phil and Hugo

## Technology
- Vanilla JavaScript
- CSS
- HTML5
- OpenAI ChatGPT
- Dall-E Image Generator

## Premise
This application will be a choose your own adventure story. The story will be created by Open-AI, with a set of text and an image corresponding with the text. Throughout the story, the user will be prompted with three choices generated by the AI. Selecting any one of these choices will generate a new set of text and a new image, continuing the story until the end.

### Example
> [!NOTE]
> The following example is purely theoretical, and the following conseuqnces for decisions have yet to be determined, as all are chosen by the Supreme ChatGPT OpenAI.

> You have arrived at the precipice of a vast overlook, with two ways to travel -- either east or west. The sun appears to have been setting for a while, although you could not tell since you have only just awoken after a masterful night of chilvarous partying.
Based on the response, more choices will be generated to continue the story; which the user must select.

- Mountain
- Ocean
- Greenpath

> [!TIP]
> Do not care. Choose whatever first comes to mind. 

The next sentence chosen may be as such:
> The Ocean in the horizon seems distant, but you may be able to reach there. As you descend upon the west side of the precipice, an eagle soars above you with the uninteresting kaw of bereavement. You discovered you are a sociopath, on the destination to the ocean -- what may you find?

And so on..
